Update the game over message (#1)
RDFoxtrot/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Apply suggested changes

_Nicely done suggesting changes! :partying_face:_

Now let's see how easy it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).

### :keyboard: Activity: Apply suggested changes

> 1. Click **Commit suggestion**.
> 1. Type a commit message.
> 1. Click **Commit changes**.
> 1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Author: ```suggestion

4. Click **Commit suggestion**.
5. Type a commit message.
6. Click **Commit changes**.
7. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.
```

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 4: Suggest changes

_Nice work reviewing that pull request :sparkles:_

Now that you have explored the different ways you can review a pull request it is time to learn how to use _suggest changes_.

**What is _suggest changes_?**: This feature enables you to recommend a change to a pull request that the author can commit with the push of a button.

### :keyboard: Activity: Suggest changes

1. On the pull request, click **Files changed**.

> 1. Find the `index.html` changes.

Author: Update the numbering.

> 1. Find the `index.html` changes.

Author: 1. Find the `index.html` changes.
